To: Nick(developer) nick@org.ca
From: Savitaa(manager) savitaav@org.ca
Subject: Need to perform Hyper-Parameter tuning for unsupervised(clustering) technique//

Hi Nick,

Good Day!

This e-mail is in regard to the need to perform parameter tuning for clustering/unsupervised learning technique (for eg., an algorithm like K-means). 
I would like to provide a high-level view of how you can approach this problem. Hyper-parameter tuning is an important step in modeling, as it enables us to find the best version of the model (a model- best suited for the problem statement for which we plan to develop the model in place).
I hope you are aware of (or) have had some experience tuning various supervised learning algorithm parameters. If so, then you may very well understand it's importance.
Coming to the part on how to approach this problem: 
1. Take a look at the dataset, if it's huge, try to sample data and then iteratively apply unsupervised learning techniques.
2. You can randomly initialize hyper-parameters, run the model on the same dataset and find the model parameters that give you the best result.
3.  If you have good experience with hyper-parameter tuning, you may also analyze the dataset and come-up straight with an intuitive value for the parameters of the model.
4. Also, you can experiment with choosing parameters dynamically over random initialization, and over time let the model optimize it (settle down for the best choice of parameters).
5. Anything you deem fit that could solve the problem and provide us with the best possible model- that is able to provide good real-time predictions (by that I mean it's able to generalize well for new or unseen data points).

I let you to further explore the possibilities and challenges in obtaining the best version of an unsupervised-learning technique based model.

Hope the above pointers from my side will give you a fair idea of where and how to start. Feel free to reach out to me in case of any queries.

Have a great day at work!

Thanks and Regards,
Savitaa Venkateswaran